docs: update README (#4351)
cloudnative-pg/cloudnative-pg: README.md

- [Code of conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)
- [Governance policies](GOVERNANCE.md)
- [Contributing](CONTRIBUTING.md)
- [Adopters](ADOPTERS.md)
- [License](LICENSE)

## Getting Started

> The best way to get started is with the ["Quickstart"](https://cloudnative-pg.io/documentation/current/quickstart/)

Reviewer: I think it's better to keep links local. Both in GH and in local checkouts, does what we want, and the link could mask mistakes.

Author: Ok!

As a result, the operator is responsible for managing the status of the
`Cluster` resource, keeping it up to date with the information that each
PostgreSQL instance manager regularly reports back through the API server.

> Such changes might trigger, for example, actions like:

Reviewer: "such changes" seems to be a reference to a previous mention of changes.
```suggestion
Changes to the cluster status might trigger, for example, actions like:
```

management like similar open source operators.

CloudNativePG also manages additional resources to help the `Cluster` resource
manage PostgreSQL - currently `Backup`, `ClusterImageCatalog`, `ImageCatalog`,
`Pooler`, and `ScheduledBackup`.

> Fully embracing Kubernetes involves a hands-off approach during temporary

Reviewer: Not loving "involves" here. I think the previous version with "means" is better.
```suggestion
Fully embracing Kubernetes means adopting a hands-off approach during temporary
```

- [FAQ](docs/src/faq.md)
- [Blog](https://cloudnative-pg.io/blog/)

### Useful links
## Adopters

- [Data on Kubernetes (DoK) Community](https://dok.community/)
- ["Recommended Architectures for PostgreSQL in Kubernetes" by Gabriele Bartolini](https://www.cncf.io/blog/2023/09/29/recommended-architectures-for-postgresql-in-kubernetes/)

> - ["How CloudNativePG manages physical replication slots for PostgreSQL in Kubernetes" by Gabriele Bartolini](https://www.enterprisedb.com/blog/how-cloudnativepg-manages-replication-slots) (September 2023)

Reviewer 2: This line has not been moved together with the others. Is it intentional?

Author: Yes. IMHO it is about a very specific topic for the main README.

- Jonathan Gonzalez (EDB)
- Marco Nenciarini (EDB)
- Armando Ruocco (EDB)
- Philippe Scorsolini (Upbound)

They are listed in the [CODEOWNERS](CODEOWNERS) file.

> ### CloudNativePG at KubeCon

Reviewer: Nice. I also think we need to add this to the website (PR coming soon for that repo)
